_pages/projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: projects
permalink: /projects/
description: This collection is very much a work in progress. Explore at your own risk.
---

{% for project in site.projects %}

{% if project.redirect %}
<div class="project">
    <div class="thumbnail">
        <a href="{{ project.redirect }}" target="_blank">
        {% if project.img %}
        <img class="thumbnail" src="{{ project.img | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }}"/>
        {% else %}
        <div class="thumbnail blankbox"></div>
        {% endif %}    
        <span>
            <h1>{{ project.title }}</h1>
            <br/>
            <p>{{ project.description }}</p>
        </span>
        </a>
    </div>
</div>
{% else %}

<div class="project ">
    <div class="thumbnail">
        <a href="{{ project.url | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }}">
        {% if project.img %}
        <img class="thumbnail" src="{{ project.img | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }}"/>
        {% else %}
        <div class="thumbnail blankbox"></div>
        {% endif %}    
        <span>
            <h1>{{ project.title }}</h1>
            <br/>
            <p>{{ project.description }}</p>
        </span>
        </a>
    </div>
</div>

{% endif %}

{% endfor %}

Commit message:

added icons and removed dead projects

_pages/projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: projects
permalink: /projects/
description: This collection is very much a work in progress. I am working to add more projects
---

{% for project in site.projects %}

{% if project.redirect %}
<div class="project">
    <div class="thumbnail">
        <a href="{{ project.redirect }}" target="_blank">
        {% if project.img %}
        <img class="thumbnail" src="{{ project.img | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }}"/>
        {% else %}
        <div class="thumbnail blankbox"></div>
        {% endif %}    
        <span>
            <h1>{{ project.title }}</h1>
            <br/>
            <p>{{ project.description }}</p>
        </span>
        </a>
    </div>
</div>
{% else %}

<div class="project ">
    <div class="thumbnail">
        <a href="{{ project.url | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }}">
        {% if project.img %}
        <img class="thumbnail" src="{{ project.img | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }}"/>
        {% else %}
        <div class="thumbnail blankbox"></div>
        {% endif %}    
        <span>
            <h1>{{ project.title }}</h1>
            <br/>
            <p>{{ project.description }}</p>
        </span>
        </a>
    </div>
</div>

{% endif %}

{% endfor %}
